tacos tacos tacos tacos tacos tacos tacos tacos tacos tacos.
“Stay hungry. Stay foolish.” - Steve Jobs
“I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits.” - Kent Beck
“I think there's a world market for about 5 computers.” - Thomas J. Watson
“To know how much there is to know is the beginning of learning to live.” - Dorothy West
“Tech is anything that wasn't around when you were born.” - Alan Kay
“I want to put a ding in the universe.” - Steve Jobs
“Java is to JavaScript what car is to carpet.” - Chris Heilmann
“Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.” - Edward V Berard
“No business plan survives first contact with customers.” - Steve Blank
"I like tacos. They taste very good. I like tacos. They taste delicious."
"Mia should jump in a hole and die." - Dr.Dexter (lmao)
There is no sadder sight that a young pessimist.
Liar: one who tells an unpleasent truth. - Oliver Herford
The way to a man's heart is throught the left ventricle.
Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no knowledge of them.
Everything takes longer, cost more, and is less useful. - Erwin Tomash
Patch griefs with proverbs. - William Shakespear, "Much Ado About Nothing"
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth. - Chico Marx
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting and exciting people, and kill them.
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
When you get your PH.D. will you get to work at BURGER KING?
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not able to say it.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind. - William Shakespeare
I think the world is run by C students - Al McGuire
"Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helment" - "Visionaries" cartoon
Everything ends badly. Otherwise it wouldn't end.
If we see the light at the ed of the tunnel, it's the light of an oncoming train. - Robert Lowell
I love children. Especially when they cry - for then someone takes them away - Nancy Mitford
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can choose our friends.
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our thoughts are a dream or whether we are awake, and talking to one another in the waking state? - Plato
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
new adj: different color from previous model.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia. - Charles Schulz
Your present plans will be successful.
The idea is to die young as late as possible. - Ashley Montague
The only thing better than love is milk.
"Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'." - John sladek
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man, but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool - Kipling
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late. - Mark Twain
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
Rules for driving in New York: (1) Anything done while honking your horn is legal. (2) You may park anywhere is you turn your four-way flashers on. (3) A red light means the next six cars may go through the intersection.
"Your butt is mine." - Micheal Jackson, Bad
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
Don't linger on the past, the future won't wait for you.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
"If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up." - Max Von Sydow's character in "Hannah and her Sisters"
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
Lonesome? Like a change? Like a new job? Liek excitement? Like to meet new and interesting people? JUST SCREW-UP ONE MORE TIME!!!!!!!
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Statistics are no substitute for judgement. - Henry Clay
Why I can't go out with you: I'd LOVE to, but... -- I have to floss my cat. -- I've dedicated my life to linguini. -- I need to spend more time with my blender. -- it wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful people. -- It's my night to pet the dog/ferret/goldfish/monster in my basement. -- I'm going downtown to try on some gloves. -- I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products. -- I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise. -- I have an appointment with a cuticle specialist. -- I have some really hard words to look up. -- I've got a Friends of the Lowly Rutabaga meeting. -- I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
There are three things I have always loved and never understood - art, music, and women.
Murphy's Laws: (1) If anything can go wrong, it will. (2) Nothing is as easy as it looks. (3) Everything takes longer than you think it will.
Stupidity got us into this mess. Why can't it get us out?
You know what they say the sweetest word in the English language is? Revenge - Peter Beard 
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life"
Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.
I hope something GOOD cam in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!!
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutang trying to play the violin. - Honore Debalzac
Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
Moving pianos is dangerous. Moving pianos are dangerous. - Language Log - Nearly All Strings of Words are Ungrammatical( )
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy? - Albert Einstein
Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian. - Robert Orben - Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery. - Jack Paar
The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.
Rap music is just computerised crap. I listen to the Top of the Pops and after three songs I feel like killing someone. - George Harrison
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis. - Ashleigh Brilliant
It's better to have loved and lost than to never have lost at all. - Samuel Butler(Unsourced)
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization - John O'Hara
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices. - William James
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader. But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out. - Stephen King
"The road to hell is paved with melting snowballs." - Larry Wall in <1992Jul2.222039.26476@netlabs.com>
Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
No one gets sick on Wednesdays.
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee - Snoopy
the genereation of random numbers is too important to be left ot chance.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attach ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannha user Gate. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.
And blood-black nothingness began to spin...A system of cells interlinked within cells interlinked within cells interlinked within one stem... And dreadfully distict against the dark, a tall white fountain played.
You might be the first bastard to ever have half his brain eaten by a wolf and end up more intelligent.
We can't change what's done, we can only move on.
Vengeance is an idiot's game.
Living is no different than being dead if you're alone.
If you're not scared of death, how can you value life?
But I wonder when you look death in the eye, will you blink?
Keep on keeping on!
I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living or get busy dying.
I'm gonna go to sleep.
There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.
A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.
Falling in Love: When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in love. You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air, and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place. Unfortunately, theses are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a good idea to check with your doctor. - Dave Barry
I like your SNOOPY POSTER!!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. - Bertrand Russel
Software is like sex; it's better when it's free. - Linus Torvalds
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
Dead? No excuse for laying off work.
Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were a turn-on? - "Broadcast News"
Deck the halls with boughs of holly Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la 'Tis the season to be jolly Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la.
When you say 'I wrote a program that crashed Windows', people just stare at you blankly and say 'Hey', I got those with the system *for free*' - Linus Torvalds
Nothing is as simple as it seems at first. Or as hopeless as it seems in the middle. Or as finished as it seems in the end.
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper. - Francis Bacon
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist, except an old optimist. - Mark Twain.
"A computer is like an air conditioner, it becomes useless when you open Windows" - Linus Torvalds
You know, all that ever mattered to me was loyalty. It was all I knew. It was all I believed in...
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong. - H. L. Mencken
If you're going to do something tonight that you're be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. - Henny Youngman
Life can be so tragic - you're here today and here tomorrow.
Everybody has something to conceal. - Humphrey Bogart
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt.
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it. You have to eat it nevertheless. - Flaubert
If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.
I've always felt sorry for people that don't drink. Remember, when they wake up, that's as good as they're gonna feel all day!
Don't drink when you drive - you might hit a bump and spill it.
The most dangerous organization in America today is: (a) The KKK, (b) The American Nazi Party, (c) The Delta Frequent Flyer Club
QOTD: "Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?"
Have you seen the latest Japanese camera? Apparently it is so fast it can photograph an American with his mouth shut!
Why are there always boycotts? Shouldn't there be girlcotts too? - argon on #Linux
A crow perched himself on a telephone wire. he was going to make a long-distance caw.
Beware last chair FYO 2nd violins: you might get demoted to first chair honor viola.
2nd violins are just violas if they actually had acceptable skills
The greatest productive force is human selfishness. - Robert Heinlein
Confirmed bachelor: A man who goes through life without a hitch.
LENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
QOTD: "My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?"
In Boston, it is illegal to hold frog-jumping contests in nightclubs.
Everyone was born right-handed. Only the greatest overcome it.
WARNING TO ALL PERSONNEL: Firings will continue until morale improves.
Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
Chef, n: Any cook who swears in French
Confession is good for the soul but bad for the career.
Teachers have class.
Surprise your boss. Get to work on time.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
Drakenberg's Discovery: If you can't seem to find your glasses, it's probably because you don't have them on.
An optimist believes we live in the best world; a pessimist fears this is true.
A little pain never hurt anyone.
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted to it.
Every time you manage to close the door on Reality, it comes in through the window.
"355/113 - Not the famous irration number PI, but an incredible simulation!"
"I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path" - Ronald Mabbitt
Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to do the impossible.
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing. - Thomas Tusser
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down. - Wilson Mizner
When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband. When a man marries again, it is because he adored his first wife. - Oscar Wilde
Happiness is just an illusion filled with sadness and confusion.
MEMORIES OF MY FAMILY MEETINGS still are a source of strength to me. I remember we'd all get into the car - I forget what kind it was and drive and drive. I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there. The smell of something strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played. I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called "Dad." We'd eat some stuff or not and then I think we went home. I guess some things never leave you. - Jack Handey, The New Mexican, 1988
If the future isn't what it used to be, does that mean that the past is subject to change in the times to come?
You will never amount to much - Munich Schoolmaster, to Albert Einstein, age 10
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind. - E. B. white
"I'd love to go out with you, but I never go out on days that end in 'Y.'"
Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is. - C. Schulz
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
Ships are safe in the harbor, but they wre never meant to stay there.
You are capable of planning your future.
Look afar and see the end from the beginning. Then look back and see the beginning from where you are and realize how far you've come.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Many receive advice, few profit by it. - Publilius syrus
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
you are fairminded, just and loving.
Learn to pause - or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
"Faith: not *wanting* to know what is true." - Friedrich Nietzsche
I do not beleive that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon... - Lyndon B. Johnson
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Q: What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out? A: Chewing gum.
I am going to avoid my responsibilities and ply the piano until my hands go numb!
did you wish your mom a HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY????
This place thing is pretty cool, this life thing is pretty cool, in spite of all the stupidness.
A pessimist sees a dark tunnel. An optimist sees the light at the end of the tunnel. A realist sees a freight train. The train driver sees three idiots standing on the tracks.....
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
It's quite fascinating that everything in life can be explained by a series of equations and math. Even the most chaotic and random things are really just complex patterns. It's almost like we're living in a simula-
Eating healthy would cause people to lose weight, and America never loses!
If you replace 'I' with 'we', even 'illness' becomes 'wellness'
People don't grow up. They grow old and pretend like they've grown up.
Mieux vaut tard que jamais! [Better late than never ]
Razors pain you; Rivers are damp. Acids stain you, And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give. Gas smells awful - You might as well live! - Dorothy Parker,"Resume", 1926
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a fool is despised only because he is a lawyer. - Montesquieu
Cynic, n: Experienced.
If you think educatio nis expensive, tr ignorance. - Derek Bok, president of Harvard
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
I have a very loving wife and a girlfriend.
"You got tuberculosis. I'm really sorry for you, son, it's a hell of a thing." - Joseph R. Barnes
"I've got LUMBAGO, it's very serious!" - uncle








